see lacquer blocks in the lanes to link in
video description what are i doing here
I forgot in the cemetery
why did i wake up here
don't understand anything
Mike
mike no where did he go mike
ema what kind of pit why not here not
it was not here where he fell what is it
for such garbage
what is this graveyard and mine i have to
help brother with pit poke hey mike where
where did i drop the possible in some cave
what is this place never been here before
mike of my like how is he there
what is dancing life
what does that language do
in quiet quiet and i should not
what sword to attention
so what can be done
I need to help me in a shirt anyway
should so leave trouble and probably
now so quietly in the form of gon woo bin
elastic ghost break the fence and stupid
runs so need to help him not scary
suddenly a ghost will kill me like that
the main thing is to concentrate so neatly
so neat neat where no where my
where ghost what happened where all where
all gone
mike mike it's not clear where it all went
ok get out of this place
gotta go home suddenly mike home but this
hardly on so i need to get out so i
I think I got out of this fucking
the gorge and where is the shirt
but where is he damn I could not save him
what do i do where i look
can't calmly happen anything
Mike doing what happened to you
u by somebody came is it really mike who
come mike mike would yo mike how are you
happened to you something happened how are you
I saved you somehow you Mike thank God you
live why are you just hit says where
walk walked sense gone and say you
you fell a hole in the cemetery sure what
graveyard before you stood ghost who
there was some kind of cell and what are you
think up I just went for a walk
no ghost and what a graveyard sky
so how did I see with my own eyes I
he jumped into this pit went to watch and
you stood there what pit what ghost who
I stood somewhere this I will go to sleep
okay come on good noise again good
again the imagination will play it
begin to apply while let's calm
nights
what really happened to him I
I can not confuse sleep with real life
i'm sure he was there what is it on
really